New top-level README for polyfills monorepo (#297)
webcomponents/polyfills: README.md

# Web Components Polyfills

 ![tests](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/workflows/tests/badge.svg?branch=master)

##### [Getting Started](#getting-started) | [Usage](#usage) | [Packages](#packages) | [Roadmap](#roadmap)

The Web Components polyfills are a suite of JavaScript libraries that allow
[Web Components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components)
to work in older browsers like IE11, and that bring the very latest new Web

> Components APIs to all browsers.

Author: I agree both parts describe polyfills broadly, but I was trying to make a distinction between:

1) Supporting the stable web components APIs in IE11 (and other older browsers, but basically it's just IE11 now)
2) Supporting new APIs at various levels of maturity that haven't made it into all modern browsers yet (e.g. shadow parts, adopted stylesheets)

1 is more for people wondering "how do I make LitElement work at all in IE11?", while 2 is more for people  wondering  "how can I use this new adopted stylesheets API I heard about on iOS?"

> Components APIs to all browsers.

Author: Cool, updated, PTAL!

Loader and pre-minimized bundles for the full suite of Web Components
polyfills.

Most users only need to install this package, but it is also possible to
separately install any of the individual polyfills listed below.

### [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@webcomponents/custom-elements.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webcomponents/custom-elements) [custom-elements](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/custom-elements) ([Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Package%3A+custom-elements%22))

Polyfill for Custom Elements ([MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_custom_elements), [Spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/custom-elements.html))

### [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@webcomponents/template.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webcomponents/template) [template](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/template) ([Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Package%3A+template%22))

> Polyfill for Template Element ([MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLTemplateElement), [Spec](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_custom_elements))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polyfill for Template Element ([MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLTemplateElement), [Spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/scripting.html#the-template-element))
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.

### [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@webcomponents/shadydom.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webcomponents/shadydom) [shadydom](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/shadydom) ([Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Package%3A+shadydom%22))

Polyfill for Shadow DOM ([MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM), [Spec](https://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#shadow-trees))

### [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@webcomponents/shadycss.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webcomponents/shadycss) [shadycss](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/shadycss) ([Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Package%3A+shadycss%22))

> Polyfill for Scoped CSS ([MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM), [Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-scoping))

Reviewer: This might be a typo from copying but there's not much about CSS scoping on that MDN page. However, I wasn't able to find any MDN page that even _does_ talk about CSS scoping with shadow DOM. :(

Author: Yeah true. It does say:

> being able to keep the markup structure, **style**, and behavior hidden and separate from other code on the page so that different parts do not clash, and the code can be kept nice and clean"

But it doesn't clearly call out what this means.

I just removed the MDN link for now.

# Web Components Polyfills

>  ![tests](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/workflows/tests/badge.svg?branch=master)

Author: Done. I added `event:push` which filters out the forks, since forks only show up as `event:pull_request`.

### [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@webcomponents/shadydom.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webcomponents/shadydom) [shadydom](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/shadydom) ([Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Package%3A+shadydom%22))

Polyfill for Shadow DOM ([MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM), [Spec](https://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#shadow-trees))

### [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@webcomponents/shadycss.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webcomponents/shadycss) [shadycss](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/shadycss) ([Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Package%3A+shadycss%22))

Polyfill for Scoped CSS ([MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM), [Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-scoping))

> ### [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@webcomponents/html-imports.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webcomponents/html-imports) [html-imports](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/shadycss) ([Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Package%3A+shadycss%22))

Author: Done, thanks for catching.
